Welcome.
You will now see how you can train one
model to get you very good results on
several NLP tasks.
When training such a model, we usually
append a tag to notify whether we're
training on either machine translation,
question answering,
summarization, sentiment,
or some other type of task.
Let's see how you can use this
in your own applications.
>> Speaker 2: So the multitask
training strategy works as follow.
So if you want to translate from English
to German, you append the prefix translate
English to German, and it gives
you the corresponding translation.
For cola sentence like,
the course is jumping well, and
it says it's not acceptable because
it's grammatically incorrect.
If you have two sentences and
you want to identify their similarity,
you put in the stsp sentence 1, and
then sentence 2 inside over here,
sentence 1, sentence 2.
And then you get the corresponding score.
If you want to summarize, you add
the summarize prefix to the article or
the text you want to summarize and
it gives you the summary.
So this is how it works.
Inputs and outputs format, so
for machine translation you just
do translate blank to blank and
you add the sentence.
To predict entailments, contradiction,
or whether it's neutral,
you would feed in something as follows,
so nnli premise, I hate pigeons,
then the hypothesis, my feelings towards
pigeons are filled with animosity,
and the target is entailment.
So basically over here, this is going to
try to learn the overall structure
of entailment, and
by feeding in the entire thing,
the model would have full visibility
over the entire input, and then it would
be tasked with marking a classification
by outputting the word entailment.
So it is easy for the model to learn
to predict one of the correct class
labels given the task prefix mnli,
in this case.
If you know the main difference
between prefix LM and
the BERT architecture is that
the classifier is integrated to
the output layer of the transformer
decoder in the prefix LM.
And over here you have
the Winograd schema,
which is another way to predict whether a
pronoun, for example, over here, the city
councilmen refused the demonstrators
a permit because they feared violence.
So you're going to feed
this into your model, and
then it will be tasked to predict
they as the city councilmen.
So for multi-task training strategy, this
is a table found in the original paper,
and we'll talk about what
the GLUE benchmark is,
and these other benchmarks,
you can check them out.
But for the purpose of this week,
we'll be focusing on the GLUE benchmark,
which would be the next video.
And we'll talk about adapter layers and
gradual unfreezing.
But these are the scores reported,
and you can see that the T5
paper actually reaches states
of the art in many tasks.
So how much data from
each task you train on?
So for the data training strategies,
there is examples proportional mixing,
and in this case, what you end up doing,
you take an equal proportion,
say, like 10% from each
data that you have.
And if the first data sets, for
example, blue, you take 10% of this,
then you'll get 10% over here,
10% of this is larger, and
10% is just a random number I picked,
but you get the point.
For the other type of data
training strategy is equal mixing,
so regardless of the size of each data,
you take an equal sample.
And then there is something in the middle
called temperature-scaled mixing,
where you try to play with the parameters
to get something in between.
Now, we'll talk about gradual
unfreezing versus adapter layers.
So in gradual unfreezing,
what ends up happening,
you unfreeze one layer at a time.
So you say this is your neural network,
unfreezing the last one,
you fine-tune using that, you keep the
others fixed, then unfreezing this one,
and then you unfreeze this one, so
you keep unfreezing each layer.
And for the adapter layers, you basically,
add a neural network to each feed-forward
in each block of the transformer.
And then, these new feed-forward networks,
they're designed so that the output
dimension matches the input.
And this allows them to be inserted
without having any structural change.
When fine-tuning only these
new adapter layers and
the layer normalization
parameters are being updated.
So we'll talk now a bit
more about fine-tuning.
The approach that's usually being used
here has the goal of training a single
model that can simultaneously perform
many tasks at once, for example,
the model, most of its parameters
are shared across all of the tasks.
And we might train a single model on many
tasks, but when reporting performance,
we can select a different checkpoint for
each task.
So over here, the task could be
like translation, summarization, or
masked language modeling.
And they do the train in 2
to the power of 18 steps.
>> Speaker 1: You learned about
multiple training strategies used for
your transformer model.
Now, that you know how to train this
model, you need the way to evaluate it.
Concretely, you'll be evaluating it using
the GLUE benchmark, which stands for
General Language Understanding Evaluation
benchmark.
See you there.